SUSoftCMakeCommon
=================

This repository is supposed to hold the shared CMake configuration between the different SU softwares. IT IS A SIMPLE COPY PASRE OF THE ONE USED AS A SUBMODULE.

[Features](#features)

[Configuration](#configuration)

[Usage](#usage)

[Functions](#functions)
- [post_build_copy_dlls](#post_build_copy_dlls)
- [set_vs_default_startup_project](#set_vs_default_startup_project)
- [create_default_installer](#create_default_installer)
- [installer_copy_files](#installer_copy_files)

Features
--------

- It sets the different compile options for the compiler
- It copies at build time the required DLLs (and add them in the installer)

Configuration
-------------

This repository contains a `ext_libs.txt` file. The paths defined should be present on your OS. The variables are:

- `EXT_LIBS_TXT_PATH`: path to your `ext_libs.txt` path that should define `EXT_LIB_PATH`
- `EXT_LIB_PATH`: path to your dev environment (default is `"C:/susoft/ext"`)
- `EIGEN_INCLUDE_PATH`: The path to Eigen folder
- `QT_ROOT_PATH`: The path to Qt installation. You should have among others `bin` and `lib` folders there
- `REFRAME_LIBRARY_DIR`: The path to Reframe folder
- `REFRAME2016_LIBRARY_DIR`: The path to Reframe (v2016) folder
- `TUT_INCLUDE_PATH`: The path to Tut folder
- `OPENSSL_ROOT_DIR`: The path to OpenSSL folder

Usage
-----

You can configure what you want to initialize thanks to these variables:

- if `create_doc` is TRUE, create Doxygen documentation
	- Note that you'll need to set the variable `DOXYGEN_CONF_PATH` as a relative path to the
	`Doxyfile.in`.
	e.g. `option(DOXYGEN_CONF_PATH "LGC")`
- if `USE_QT` is TRUE, configure QT.
	- You need to set `QT_ROOT_PATH` to your root installation
	- You can tell the Qt wanted modules as a list in `QT_WANTED_MODULES` (default is Core)
- if `USE_OPENSSL` is TRUE, provide OpenSSL DLLs for installers.
	- You need to set `OPENSSL_ROOT_DIR` to your root installation
- if `cpack_build`, build binary and source package installers.
- if `enable_console`, Enable the console

Moreover, you can provide a flag during CMake project generation to override the default `EXT_LIBS_TXT_PATH` if you don't want to use the default path provided by the SUSoftCMakeCommon submodule.

In order to do that, provide a path via flag:`-DEXT_LIBS_TXT_PATH="C:/susoft/SUSoftCMakeCommon/ext_libs.txt"`. This flag has to be added prior to the CMake source dir.

Functions
---------

You also have the following functions available to copy files at compile time in the created executable folder:

### deployqt ###

Run the Qt deployment tool to copy DLLs and translation files

- param `target` the target when we want to copy (like the executable name)
- optional parameter: the path to the output dir where the DLL will be copied
	default is the target binary dir
- optional paramter: the path to the executable we want to run the Qt deployment tool on
	default is the executable generated by the given target.
	**Note**: the previous optional parameter must be set to set this one

```cmake
function(deployqt target)
```

### post_build_copy_dlls ###

Copy files int the build directory at build time if files don't already exist.

- param `target` the target when we want to copy (like the executable name)
- param `debug_files` (list) files that should go into the debug folder
- param `release_files` (list) files that should go into the release folder (can be the same as `debug_files`)
- param `subdir` an optionnal subdir where to write the files

**Note**: `debug_files` and `release_files` must have the same length

**Note**: this function should be called after the definition of the executable

```cmake
function(post_build_copy_dlls debug_files release_files subdir)
```

### set_vs_default_startup_project ###

Set the given project as the default startup project in MSVC++.

- param `project_name` the project that should be set as the default startup project

**Note**: this function should be called after the definition of the executable

```cmake
function(set_vs_default_startup_project project_name)
```

### create_default_installer ###

Create an installer package.

The installer contains the minimum required files:

- the executable
- the VC redist
- if `USE_QT`, runs `windeployqt`
- if `CREATE_DOC`, adds the doc
- if `USE_OPENSSL`, copies OpenSSL DLLs

**Note**: You can add extra files to the installer thanks to the function
`installer_copy_files` (see below)

**Note**: this function should be called after the definition of the executable

```cmake
function(create_default_installer)
```

### installer_copy_files ###

When creating the installer, this function can be called to add files in the installer.

- param `files` a list of files to add
- param `destination` the destination in the installation folder

**Note**: this function should be called after the definition of the executable
and preferably after the call to `create_default_installer`

```cmake
function(installer_copy_files files destination)
```
